## Curiously Unoriginal Reversed Tarot

Reversed Tarot Cards are a popular suggestion. Everyone gives this a whack at
some point, so here's my try. It is a pretty reasonable idea, and captures
another element of the source inspiration. (Even if it against the Unwritten
Rules.)

Most implementations of this idea just simply list 22 new card effects,
generally related to the original effect in some way. I'm going to attempt to
keep things a little bit fresh, by instituting a slightly different manner of
use.

Reversed Tarot Cards in divination typically represent the original
interpretation being blocked somehow, and generally the person being read is
responsible for but unaware of or unable to address it. So with this in mind, I
suggest that Reversed Tarot cards do not have a "Use" mechanism. They should
trigger automatically based on some sort of event, which consumes the card. They
are otherwise normal consumables. When appearing in a Tarot pack, they can be
taken, but only if you have room.

Reversed Tarot Cards appear at 5% (or so) the rate of Upright Tarot. Upright
Fools copy reversed Tarots as their upright version. If a Reversed Tarot is
triggered it is consumed, even if it does nothing. Reversed Tarot Cards block
other Reversed Tarot Cards from spawning, additionally upright (e.g.) Fool
blocks a reversed Fool and vice versa (and so on), unless Showman is active. 

----

0\. Fool 

Upright - New beginnings.

Reversed - Recklessness, lack of hope or faith

Effect - When another consumable is used, generate two random reversed tarot
cards or spectral cards. (Black Hole and Soul excluded, bypasses Reversed Tarot
limit, bypasses consumables limit).

----

1\. Magician

Upright - You have the skills to make things happen.

Reversed - Others might be manipulating you.

Effect - When an effect would roll a 1 in N probability, this effect is instead
guaranteed to occur.

----


2\. High Priestess 

Upright - Intuition, truth in dreams

Reversed - Neglecting one's own needs to please others

Effect - When a planet card is purchased, create two negative copies of it.

----

3\. Empress

Upright - Empathy, compassion, motherhood

Reversed - Neglect or suppression of the above

Effect - When a consumable is sold, generate three negative copies of that
consumable. (The Reversed Empress Excluded)

----

4\. Emperor

Upright - Concentration, Masculinity, Stubborn

Reversed - Abuse of authority

Effect - When a hand triggers a boss blind (same check as matador), disable the
boss blind after the hand is scored.

----

5\. Hierophant

Upright - Institutions, Tradition

Reversed - Non-conformity

Effect - When a 5 card high card hand is played, adds 15 bonus chips to each
card held in hand

----

6\. Lovers

Upright - Unions, Harmony, Love

Reversed - Conflict, Imbalance

Effect - When a hand is played with 4 suits scored, generates a random tag.

----

7\. Chariot

Upright - victory, overcoming obstacles, ambition

Reversed - coercion, powerlessness, lack of self control

Effect - When purchasing a voucher, another is spawned and immediately purchased
(may go over debt limit)

----

8\. Justice

Upright - Law, Truth, Honesty, Cause and Effect

Reversed - Unfairness, Corruption, Karmic Retribution

Effect - When a hand is played, scored cards are returned to hand after a new
hand is drawn.

----

9\. Hermit

Upright - self-reflection, solitude, enlightenment

Reversed - paranoia, isolation, withdrawal

Effect - When player has 0 jokers, grants $50

----

10\. Wheel of Fortune

Upright - good luck, destiny, fate, upheaval, chance

Reversed - bad luck, disorder, lack of control, disruption

Effect - When hand is played, scored cards are given random editions, 1 in 2
chance to destroy played card instead.

----

11\. Strength

Upright - courage, overcoming self-doubt, control

Reversed - vulnerability, lack of confidence

Effect - When cards are discarded, discarded cards are destroyed

----

12\. Hanged Man

Upright - Trapped, uncertainty, need to walk away

Reversed - discontentment, apathy, self-caused 

Effect - When cards are drawn to hand, remove enhancements, seals, and editions
and grant $10 for each removed.

----

13\. Death

Upright - change, tumult

Reversed - resisting change, inability to move forward

Effect - Upon beating a blind, ante -1, hand size -1 (increases as ectoplasm.)

----

14\. Temperance

Upright - Balance, peace, moderation

Reversed - Excess, Discord

Effect - When a card is added to the deck, also add four copies of it with
consecutively increasing ranks. (e.g. if you purchase a red seal, lucky queen of
Spades, this will also add a king, ace, 2, and 3 of spades, all red seal and
lucky.)

----

15\. Devil

Upright - Secrecy, Obsession, Addiction

Reversed - Detachment, Independence, Freedom

Effect - When at $0, generate a rare joker (must have room).

----

16\. Tower

Upright - Chaos, Upheaval, Loss

Reversed - resisting change, averting disaster

Effect - If would lose the blind from having 0 hands, grants +1 hand and +2
discards instead.

----

17\. Star

Upright - Hope, Inspiration, Creativity

Reversed - boredom, monotony, focusing on negatives

Effect - When removing random, targeted Joker create a new Joker of the same
rarity (must have room) (Currently: XXXX) (selected upon obtaining card).

----

18\. Moon

Upright - intuition, illusion, anxiety, misconceptions, insecurity

Reversed - self-deception, exposing secrets, truth, composure

Effect - When a playing card is destroyed, remove enhancement from each stone
card in hand, and convert to the suit and rank of the leftmost card held in
hand.

----

19\. Sun

Upright - Joy, Luck, Success, Vitality

Reversed - unrealistic expectations, sadness, pessimism

Effect - When both effects of a lucky card trigger, permanently doubles the odds
of that lucky card triggering either effect.

----

20\. Judgment

Upright - Awakening, Renewal, Decisiveness

Reversed - Blaming unfairly, self-doubt, indecisive 

Effect - When skipping a booster pack, restock booster packs in the shop
(unopened boosters are discarded).

----

21\. World

Upright - Travel, Completion, Success

Reversed - disappointment, burden, stagnation

Effect - Whenever any card area has more cards in it than its limit, destroy all
cards in the card area, card area size +2 (reduces by 1 each time used). 
